API-1565: add "is_root" search filter (#483)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/rest-api/filter.md

```
/api/rest/v1/categories?search={"code":[{"operator":"IN","value":["category_code1","category_code2"]}]}
```

### By root category
::: availability versions=Serenity editions=CE,EE

> You can filter the categories to get only root categories or non-root categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter the categories to get only root categories or non-root categories. Root categories can also be called Category trees. 
```

Below you will find the operator allowed to filter on this property, as well as the corresponding type of value required in the `search` query parameter.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

::: tips
You can combine the `is_root` filter with any other filter available on categories.
:::

```

| Operator | Allowed value type | Filter description |
| ----------------- | -------------- | ------------------ |

> | `=` | boolean | Only returns categories that are root (`true`) or non-root (`false`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `=` | boolean | When `true`, only returns categories that are root. When `false`, returns any other categories. |
```

#### Example
```

> /api/rest/v1/categories?search={"IS_ROOT":[{"operator":"=","value":true}]}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/api/rest/v1/categories?search={"is_root":[{"operator":"=","value":true}]}
```
I tried with IS_ROOT and I have an error message: "Available search filters are \"code, parent, is_root\" and you tried to search on unavailable filter \"IS_ROOT\""

```
/api/rest/v1/categories?search={"code":[{"operator":"IN","value":["category_code1","category_code2"]}]}
```

> ### By root category

Reviewer 2: `By root category` is a little confusing for me.
At first glance, I think it means that I'm able to filter on a root category.
Something like `?root=clothes` and receives all the categories of the tree under this root.

Maybe `By root only` ?

::: availability versions=Serenity editions=CE,EE

> You can filter the categories to get only root categories or non-root categories. Root categories can also be called Category trees. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can filter the categories to get only root categories or non-root categories.
```

A root category is the base of the category tree. The category tree is a root category + some categories
